Created AWS GameLift Scripting doc (#712)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-gamelift/local-testing.md

In this topic, you will learn how to test and verify GameLift feature integrations on your local machine by using **GameLift Local**. 

> GameLift Local is a command line tool that starts a self-contained version of the managed GameLift service. GameLift Local also provides a running event log of server process initialization, health checks, and API calls and responses. GameLift Local recognizes a subset of the AWS SDK actions for GameLift. You can make calls from the AWS CLI or from your game client. All API actions perform locally, just as they do in the GameLift web service. Learn more in the AWS Amazon GameLift documentation, [Testing Your Integration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/latest/developerguide/integration-testing-local.html#integration-testing-local-start).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GameLift Local is a command line tool that starts a self-contained version of the managed GameLift service. GameLift Local also provides a running event log of server process initialization, health checks, and API calls and responses. GameLift Local recognizes a subset of the AWS SDK actions for GameLift. You can make calls from the AWS CLI or from your game client. All API actions perform locally, just as they do in the GameLift web service. For more information, refer to [Testing Your Integration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/latest/developerguide/integration-testing-local.html#integration-testing-local-start) in the Amazon GameLift Developer Guide.
```
AWS naming/link text formatting edit, per Pip's review comment.

> 

Reviewer 2: line 52 is wrong, please update to:
$ bin\profile\YourProject.GameLauncher.exe --cl_gameliftLocalEndpoint "http://localhost:9080"

> You can also verify interactions and logs with GameLift Local tool. Read more in the AWS Amazon GameLift documentation, [Test a Game Server and Client](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/latest/developerguide/integration-testing-local.html#integration-testing-local-client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also verify interactions and logs with the GameLift Local tool. For more information, refer to [Test a Game Server and Client](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/latest/developerguide/integration-testing-local.html#integration-testing-local-client) in the Amazon GameLift Developer Guide.
```

---
Previous topic: [AWS GameLift Gem Advanced Topics](advanced-topics/)  

> Next topic: [AWS GameLift Gem Build Packaging for Windows](build-build-packaging-for-windows/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next topic: [AWS GameLift Gem Build Packaging for Windows](build-packaging-for-windows/)
```
Broken link fix
